It is spring time.
Grandpa pig has made a chocolate egg hunt.
Is every body ready?
No, grandpa. Freddie Fox isn't here.
Hello, every one.
Hello, Freddie.
Ah, hello, Mr. Fox,Are you staying?
I wish I could.
I loved egg hunt when I was a little lad.
See you later, Freddie.
Now, are you ready for the egg hunt?
Yes, grandpa pig.
There are lots of
chocolate eggs hidden in my garden.
You must find them.
Easy.
But be careful not to step on my plants.
Oh, it's so exciting in spring time.
The seedies baby plant's starting to grow.
We promise to be careful, grandpa.
Very good. Off you go then.
Grandpa pig's
chocolate egg hunt has begun.
Have you got time
for have a cup of tea, grandpa pig?
Oh, yes. It will
take them ages to find my eggs.
I've hidden them very well.
Here's an egg.
Peppa has found
a chocolate egg in a plant pot.
Here's another egg.
Rebecca rabbit has found a
chocolate egg hiding under a leafy bush.
Hurray, an egg for me.
Emily elephant has found
a chocolate egg in the branches of a tree.
I think I can smell chocolate.
Freddie fox has a very good sense of smell.
Yes.
Freddie fox has found a
chocolate egg in the middle of a bird bath.
grandpa, grandpa, we found chocolate eggs.
It was really fun.
But it was a bit easy.
It wasn't easy for the little ones.
George, Richard and
Edmond haven't found any eggs.
I wonder where the other eggs are…
Chocolate egg.
ah, Edmond, I think
there's something behind your ear.
Every one has found a chocolate egg.
What are we doing now, grandpa pig?
You eat them, of course.
Hello, children.
Granny, granny,
we've found all the chocolate eggs.
Oh, where are they? I can't see any eggs.
They are in our tummies.
And around your mouth.
Did grandpa hide the eggs well?
No, we big ones found them easily.
But the little ones needed helping.
George , Richard and Edmod
don't like to be the little least ones.
Don't worry.
There will soon be
even littler ones in the garden.
Oh, yes. The little babies. It's so exciting.
Grandp already told
us about the baby plants, granny.
But it's not that exciting.
We're not talking about baby plants, Peppa.
Oh, what are you talking about?
Let's go and see
Jemima, Vanessa, Sarah, and Naval.
They are chickens.
Yes, and they have eggs, too.
Can we eat them?
No, Freddie.
These eggs are about to hatch.
Oh, we are just in time.
The baby chicks are hatching.
Oh, baby chicks.
Now the chicks
have hatched.It really is the spring time.
Let's pretend to be baby chicks.
I'm a little
chick, singing cheep, cheep, cheep.
I like to pick up
food with my beak, beak, beak.
I've fluffy
yellow hair and straw for my bed.
And I jump up
and down, singing cheep, cheep, cheep.